[BATCH SCRIPTS] SWTOR RAMDISK ALL-IN-ONE

To be certain that the script will be executed properly, run the 
batch scripts as administrator. (Rightclick on the batchfile and 
select "Run as administrator").

This "ALL-IN-ONE SWTOR RAMDISK" batch script can do the following;

  - Setup your SWTOR to use a ramdisk.
  - Remove the ramdisk setup.
  - Mount the ramdrive (separate script available).
  - Dismount the ramdrive (to free up memory between game sessions).

Warning for those who add asset files to the ramdisk:
The client can return an error when it wants to patch, as it cannot 
patch while there is a assetfile being linked to another location. 
To be able to patch remove the ramdisk setup first, patch the game, 
and rerun the ramdisk setup again.

Creating batchscript

  1. Copy the ALL-IN-ONE batchscript you want to use.
  2. Open notepad.
  3. Paste the copied batchscript into notepad.
  4. Save as with the name; anyname.bat (.bat is important!).
  5. Press save.
  6. Batchscript created (check if the icon is not a textfile anymore).
  7. Do the same for the MOUNT batchscrip (if you wish to use it).

Setup SWTOR for ramdisk

  1. Be able to run SWTOR without a ramdisk.
  2. Have Imdisk installed on your machine
  3. Run the created/selected batchscript as administrator.
  4. Once in the menu press 's' on your keyboard to setup.
  5. Start the game.

What to do on a reboot / dismount

  - Use the MOUNT batchscript (can be used as computer startup script):
    1. Run the MOUNT batchscript as administrator.
    2. Start the game

  - Use the ALL-IN-ONE batchscript (human interaction is needed):
    1. Run the ALL-IN-ONE script as administrator.
    2. Once in the menu press 'm' on your keyboard to mount the ramdrive.
    3. Start the game.

Dismount ramdrive (to free up memory)

  1. Run the ALL-IN-ONE batchscript as administrator.
  2. Once in the menu press 'd' on your keyboard to dismount the ramdrive.

Remove the ramdisk setup

  1. Run the ALL-IN-ONE batchscript as administrator.
  2. Once in the menu press 'r' on your keyboard to remove the ramdisk setup.
  3. Uninstall Imdisk if preferred.